If I were to start my entire investing journey now knowing what I know in 2025, I'm sure it would take me way less time to actually hit my first crow. So I'm going to explain the blueprint to you. I call it blueprint 1a and blueprint 1b. And I'll also throw in my Google sheet that I actually use for my life today. And once you put all of this together, you might get to your first crow way faster. But you know what? Something happened last week. This is papa. Papa is like the Ironman. 10,000 steps a day, eats well and when he calls me, the only thing he says is beta garajau and I feel guilty and I don't go to meet him. He one day called me and said, beta, I fell down last night. Well, going to the bathroom, I tripped. My shoulder is painting a lot. Of course, we were a little worried then I thought it's nothing. He'll be fine. I mean, and then his pain became worse. So we said, okay, we'll go to the doctor. Doctor said, it's a full tear. You have to get surgery. And we got admitted to the hospital. Just one day, one surgery was 3.5 lakh rupees. And the three and a half lakhs was taken care of by insurance. Now, Swathi and I can actually manage a 3, 4, 5, 6 lakh rupees sudden expense and we'll be fine. But if we were younger, this would have been a huge problem. So basically, my point is medical insurance is non-negotiable. You have to take it for your family and yourself. End of story. No debate. Then on this Excel sheet, you'll find it in the description. You open and you put your monthly Kharcha Pani. Your rent, your expenses, your unexpected expenses. Let's say it's 30,000 rupees. This will be 1,8,000. This 1.8 lakhs is basically 6 months of air. If something happens, this will keep you safe. You can thank me later. But everything can't be done on an Excel, right? So I want you to open your favorite note-taking app or a paper and pen like I like it. And I want you to write this. Dear Mummy Papa, I absolutely love you and everything I do in this world, my work, my relationships, working hard, earning a salary is for you. If something happens to me, I have made sure that you are safe. Here is my plan, Mummy Papa. For the expenses of your health, I have made sure I have X rupees saved for you. In an insurance, I know we have a loan of total 50 lakhs or other things. And I have made sure that we have the money saved. In case I'm not there, you will be able to pay it and you will not be burdened by it. With lots and lots of love. Did this get you? If it did, there is a solution for this and it's called term insurance. It's something to make sure day are actually comfortable and safe. If you have a letter, do let me know what you wrote in the comments. If it's not too personal, I'd love to know if this changed your life or not. But the point is very simple here, guys. This was our first step, your safety net. Now let's move to step number two. You know, last year when we gave our praises to people in the office, we were so, so proud of ourselves actually. We just felt really good that people walked away with a decent appraisal and they had more money in the bank now. But then like always, they completely fooled us. They started buying a lot of clothes, expensive ones, went on trips. They even got a new car. The people who had cars upgrade those cars, then people got nice shoes and I'm like, you know, you're so much like a thief. Where did all this money come from? Thank you, loan apps and easy credit. Point is, a lot of people started investing in 500 rupees and that's great. But it stays 500 for five years. No, the point of starting with 500 is that you begin the process and then you start to increase it as much as possible. This is a simple SIP calculator. On the right side, we have SIP amount. Just look at that. Then we have some assumptions. Expect a return 10%. Come here, Jhan Buchkar because people in comments go 10%, 12% both. Then we have invested in the amount and market value. All you really need to see is, this is 20,000. When does it become a large amount? You can see over here that it takes three years and six months to add 10 lakhs to your account. The next 10 lakhs. So total 20 takes two years and seven months. The next 10 lakhs takes two years and one months. Scroll down towards the end with an 11-month-old adding 10 lakhs and even getting to a crore. I am going to comment on what you will say. You will say, I don't have any money to invest. I only have 500 rupees. Zubatav, can I have this nice dim sum over here? Okay, I know what the problem is. Here is a simple hack if you really want to do this. As soon as you get your salary, look at that salary. Off that, take a 5% or 10% whatever you want to invest and take that money out and invest it. This doesn't really need to be stocks and then what's left? That is where you do your kharcha. Usually you do the opposite. You call all these apps, make all these purchases and say, Pantso Bajgia, I'll also invest to make yourself feel good. Don't do that. And you know what this means? This means we have completed step two of our blueprint and invest early and invest. I forgot the full form but you get the point. In my early 20s, I started earning the magical figure of 1.5 lakh rupees per month. I felt invincible. I mean, what is this? I earn a lot of money. And something even more interesting happened, which I'll show you here. This was my income going up over a period of time. And then something interesting happened. This was my expense. And basically the difference here was my savings. But then when I suddenly thought that I deserved more, this happened. And I suddenly started spending more than I could afford. You know what this is called? Economists and some really good noble laureates call this unhappiness. Also called. Whenever you try to spend to signal to the outside world that you have reached some sort of status, is the fastest way to become poor. But what's the solution? The solution is the creation of a guilt-free fund. The first x% should go for investments. Then the next for all your fixed expenses and expected expenses. Then whatever's left is your guilt-free fund. This means everything we've covered so far is lifestyle inflation, which is step three of our entire journey at the blueprint. And step number four starts with Ramesh and Suraj. They both love 5 star but they also love something else. Both of them have an SIP. But Ramesh has credit card debt, personal loan, and he may also have BNP. Suraj has none of these things. Let's assume they're investing in say nifty. It'll be between 10% to 12% growth. And that's growth. But over here the debt bit, this bit is actually anti-compounding for you at 36 to 48%. So whatever is the highest loan category with the most interest, pay that off first once that is done, then do SIP. This means step number four is actually complete, which is the loan trap. But the most important part of this entire blueprint is right here. And if you're wondering what this is, this is basically the compounding blueprint, the safety net, the invest E square. And this is the anti-compounding blueprint, which covers lifestyle inflation, loan trap, and the most important thing of all, that something I keep looking at even today, and you should took me 20 years to figure this framework out. It's called the DBL framework. Let me explain it to you a little, Aramse. Two years ago, I decided that I had to learn to play the guitar. And to learn to play the guitar was incredibly tough because I had to go back home, get my instructor, and he would spend countless hours with me just learning. And this was two hours every day for two years. All that sacrifice and these fingers over here will actually show you something interesting and how this will change your life in the DBL framework. One, two, three. I only dreamed it and I made a blueprint for playing my music, but that instructor never came. I never called him, never negotiated, never studied for two hours, never practiced. And this was a waste. Just like you. I've been educating for a decade now and I realize all these frameworks are great, but you won't listen. You won't actually do it. The don't-be-lazy framework is exactly this. If you don't do it today, your investments will sound exactly like my music.